Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what I simply did was the roadie hop of I this is the fort up slots are the for us.
Okay now the parts are going to be isn't the structure our size is known as and we see which stands
for models views controller.
So over the slip for the rocker to create a new for the that is a which does four models over the slip.
Again we're going to create a new for the that is the V which stands for views over the lib.
Again, we're going to create a new folder that is a C which stands for controllers.
Okay.
Now the modus is we're all going to be creating our fields such as the username field, the password
field, the email field, the image field.
And so hard.
Therefore the views are going to be created.
Our You are sociais the home screen.
You are the log in, you are the sign up UI the cell screen.
You are also on y for the control as is.
There are going to be doing all our logic that created the functionality for our hub, like being able
to site of that user, been able to log in that user that created the section functionality.
Okay.
Now over these views are going to create a new folder and remember the code call for their screens.
They're over the screen.
So I will create a new for the coders, for the arts.
Okay.
Now, over this art, for the record, create a fly and you can call this log in for the score screen,
dot, dot.
Okay.
For now, we can just use this less.
We get to steal less.
We just call this logging screen.
Okay that over a year and we'll lose control and not import the material that that package.
Okay, Control and don't.
Okay.
Great.
Good.
Now what you can do is either return in a container or we can just return.
Probably is covered.
Okay.
So you can say, but he wanted to be sent out or to sit at the test center.
Because the child that in the tests we did.
You can see probably.
Login screen.
They not so easily get rid of this or that line.
You can just go to our.
Analysis on the so-called oceans.
They're not going to comment this out.
Okay, great.
Go back to your logging screen there and just.
Okay.
Let's restart this.
Still going?
I think we just have to close the code and open it again.
Okay.
Now, first of all, we're just going to check this out.
I will go to the main, but dot fi.
Then.
I've got to remove all the sweat.
Okay.
Remove this.
Now is going to remove this as well.
Right.
Okay.
This is going to be log in screen.
Right.
Okay.
Good.
Now control this to save.
Okay.
But check it out.
Good luck on the screen.
Now what you can do, you can remove this debug banner.
So over here, we can see the bug.
Sure checks would ban is equal to four.
So it ought to start.
Okay.
Go check it out.
I think it's going to go right now.
Okay, great.
Now we're going to be using the dark mode team now to do this.
What we're just going to do over the.
There are two.
I just going to create a new a new fly.
I just got to call this cause this is a short form of constants.
Okay.
Also calls.
Dot, dot.
Okay.
Now via what we can do we can see caused.
Background.
Call your.
Recourse to call or.
Okay.
Kennedy is going to lose control, and that's okay.
But this gets rid of this.
Okay.
We're going to call the colors that you want black.
Great.
Now what I want to do.
I want to go to our.
When the Dutch fly.
Okay.
Are going to remove this team data.
So now we're going to see a team.
I'm going to see a team.
Same day to the dock.
They're going can say that.
The copy reads.
Okay, so this one's these are background color.
So this is food.
Background color is the background color.
Look at that visible.
We created this over.
Which is assigned to the color block.
Okay.
Now I'm going to authorize this.
Okay, great.
Now you see, automatically the test becomes white.
Right.
So that's how it works.
Uh.
Okay.
You have to close your vehicle.
Then we started this red line.
This line over here is going to go off.
Right.
That is after you commence orders of I.
Okay.
Okay, guys, seen in this picture.